This module is a basic introduction to Maven and what Maven is.
We're going to go through and do a high‑level overview of Maven and
just look at it from a 50,000 foot view, discuss a little bit about
why you'd want to use it.
Then we'll dive a little deeper if you've used Ant before or
you're currently doing builds out of your IDE.
We'll discuss why you want to use Maven over Ant and over your
IDE, what the pros and cons of each are,
and we'll go into a little bit more in‑depth look of
just the cons of Ant versus Maven.
Next,
we'll look at the installation best practices and basically how a
standard installation of Maven should work,
what you need to set up on your machine, and where you download it from, those
types of things, and then we'll look at some sample code.
We'll do a sample Hello World application that we can get
the most basic thing up and running and show you how it
affects your job application.
And then we'll explore the POM a little bit.
Not in deep detail, though,
because we're going to cover that in its own separate module. Then we'll
follow all of these up with a brief summary about what we've covered and
what you should've learned in this module. Let's look at that high‑level overview now.